oh that I whereas in months past as in
the days when God watched over me with
his lamp shone upon my head and went by
his light I walked through darkness just
as I was in the days of my prime when
the friendly counsels of God was over my
tent when the almighty was yet with me
when my children were around me when my
steps were bathed with cream and the
rock poured out rivers of oil for me
when I went out to the gate by the city
when I took my seat in the open square
the young men saw me and hid and the
aged arose and stood the princes
refrained from talking and put their
hand on their mouths the voice of nobles
was hushed and their tongue stuck to the
roof of their mouths when the ear heard
then it blessed me and when the I saw
then it approved me because I delivered
the poor who cried out the fatherless
and the one who had no helper the
blessing of a perishing man came upon me
and I caused the widow's heart to sing
for joy I put on righteousness and had
clothed me my justice was like a robe
and a turban I was eyes to the blind and
I was feet to the lame I was a father to
the poor and I searched out the case
that I did not know I broke the fangs of
the wicked and plucked the victim from
his teeth then I said I shall die in my
nest and multiply my days as the sand
my root is spread out to the waters and
the dew lies all night on my branch my
glory is fresh within me and my bow is
renewed in my hand men listened to me
and waited and kept silence for my
counsel after my words they did not
speak again and my speech settled on the
message dude they waited for me as for
the rain and they opened their mouth
wide as for the spring rain if I mocked
at them they did not believe it and the
light of my countenance they did not
cast down I chose the way for them and
satyrs chief
so I dwelt as a king in the army as one
who comforts mourners
[Music]
you